apps sc: added index size alerts for opensearch (#1204)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: WIP-CHANGELOG.md

### Release notes

- Several default resource requests and limits have changed. When upgrading these might need to be adjusted.

> - The new Opensearchi, index size increased over limit, alert should be tweaked to better suit the environment.

Reviewer: Perhps
```suggestion
- The settings for the new Opensearch index size alers might need to be tweaked to better suit the environment.
```

> - The settings for the new Opensearch index size alers might need to be tweaked to better suit the environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The settings for the new Opensearch index size alerts might need to be tweaked to better suit the environment.
```

### Fixed

### Added

> - Alert for opensearch index size increase

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't "primary shards of indices" be more correct since each index can have multiple primaries?

> - Option to configure alerts for growing primary shards in OpenSearch

Reviewer: I'm fine just writing `indices` instead of `primary shards` as not to confuse people
```suggestion
- Option to configure alerts for growing primary shards in OpenSearch
```

- Fixed harbor network policies

### Added

> - Option to configure alerts for growing indices in OpenSearch

Reviewer: Maybe make a note in the release notes on that these new option should or might be tweaked to better suit the environment
